feat: complete refactor on AWS module (#60)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-aws: docs/releases/v2.0.0.md

| `load-balancer-controller`    | [`v2.4.3`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller/releases/tag/v2.4.3)        | `New component`  |
| `node-termination-handler`    | [`v1.17.1`](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler/releases/tag/v1.17.1)                  | `Update`         |

> Please refer to the individual release notes to get detailed information on each release.

## New packages: Welcome EBS CSI Driver and AWS Load Balancer Controller! 📕

This release adds two new packages, `ebs-csi-driver` and `load-balancer-controller`. The first one is a mandatory package to use EBS volumes in your EKS cluster, since from EKS version 1.23 the in-tree EBS volume plugin is deprecated. The second one is the official AWS controller to manage AWS Load Balancers, which is a mandatory package to use all the features provided from AWS on the Load Balancers, for example, enabling the proxy protocol on Network Load Balancers.

## Removals: Removed all the legacy terraform modules to install Kubernetes on Ec2 🚮

> This release completely all the terraform modules used for the installation of a Kubernetes cluster using Ec2. The reason for this removal is that the installation of Kubernetes on AWS using Ec2 is not supported anymore by Fury, and it is not recommended to use it in production. The only supported way to install Kubernetes on AWS is using EKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release completely removes all the terraform modules used for the installation of a Kubernetes cluster using EC2. Kubernetes Fury Distribution has deprecated support for EC2-based clusters in favour of EKS (managed) clusters.
```
